website/integrations: add Dozzle (#22939)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/monitoring/dozzle/index.md

---
title: Integrate with Dozzle
sidebar_label: Dozzle
support_level: community
---

## What is Dozzle?

> Dozzle is a lightweight, web-based log viewer designed to simplify monitoring and debugging containerized applications across Docker, Docker Swarm, and Kubernetes environments.
>
> -- https://dozzle.dev/guide/what-is-dozzle

> Dozzle supports forward-proxy authentication. Use authentik as a forward auth proxy in front of Dozzle, and configure Dozzle to read the authenticated user details from authentik's proxy headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dozzle supports forward-proxy authentication. Use authentik as a forward auth proxy in front of Dozzle, and configure Dozzle to read the authenticated user details from the proxy headers set by authentik.
```
